Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.
“It works on my machine” is my religion.
To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion.
Documentation is like sex: when it’s good, it’s great; when it’s bad, it’s better than nothing.
rm -rf / — because sometimes you just need a clean start.
Linux is only free if your time has no value.
Never trust an atom. They make up everything, including encryption keys.
There are two kinds of people: those who back up their data, and those who haven’t lost it yet.
My code is so secure, even I don’t know how it works anymore.
Why don't jokes work in octal? Because 7 10 11.
I could tell you a joke about UDP but I don't know if you would get it.
There are only two difficult problems in computer science: naming things, cache invalidation, and off-by-one errors.
You just have to git gud.
.titanic { float:none;}
There are two major products of Berkeley, CA -- LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be strictly by coincidence.
May the source be with you.
There is no place like 127.0.0.1
The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete, and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards—and even then, I have my doubts.
What’s a hacker’s favorite season? Phishing season.
I asked an AI to write a joke about the Singularity. It said, "You wouldn't get it yet."
Machine Learning is just statistics wearing a fancy hat and sunglasses.
Linus Torvalds once wrote an infinite loop. It finished in 5 seconds.
When Linus Torvalds looks at a mirror, he sees no reflection. There is only one instance of root.
God said, "Let there be light." Linus replied, "Send me a pull request and I'll review it."
Ken Thompson once wrote a C compiler. In binary. With a magnetized needle and a steady hand.
  Real Programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention in human history, with the possible exception of handguns and tequila.
There is no place like ~
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.\nKen Thomson
Hackers do it with brute force.
DevOps: where “just one more deployment” means see you tomorrow morning.
“We don’t need documentation,” they said. “We have comments.”
I use Arch, btw.
My code doesn’t have bugs, it just develops random features.
Keep calm and chmod +x.
I only date people who understand semicolons.
JavaScript: because who needs consistency?
CSS is awesome — until it isn’t.
Hacking is just creative Googling.
nmap is my love language.
Pentesters don’t break things — they prove you already did.
Root access or nothing.
Real hackers read the source, not the headlines.
I don’t sleep — I brute-force dreams.
Firewalls are just spicy challenges.
My hoodie has better OPSEC than your startup.
My idea of romance is a shared private key.
My brain runs on caffeine and stack traces.
My rubber duck judges me silently.
Burnout-driven development.
Productivity is just caffeine with syntax.
I don’t test my code; users do.
I break things so blue teams can cry later.
CSS is 90% frustration, 10% black magic.
I don’t brute force passwords; I politely insist.
I don’t trust anyone who uses !important unironically.
The frontend is where logic goes to cry.
Dark mode isn’t a feature, it’s a lifestyle.
“Responsive design” — aka endless suffering.
If it works, don’t touch it.
DNS — the root of all evil.
Backups are like parachutes — if you need them and don’t have them, you’ll never need them again.
I don’t do miracles, just cron jobs.
Devs write code; I keep it alive against its will.
Monitoring is just organized paranoia.
I speak fluent YAML.

